I said something.
Then let Xiao Bat feed you.
Yeah, really.
Really.
Moon, go to your room.
Your husband came here because you agreed to take orders.
Hey, mom.
Stop sitting here.
I lost to a stupid father.
It's like being licked by a dog.
Yes.
Come on, pony. What are you doing?
You want me to feed you with a bottle.
Phoenix is already a big kid.
Learn how to drink milk yourself.
Mom, just stir the milk powder for me and I'll drink it myself.
This idiot let me feed him milk.
I thought it was a pony.
Drink up.
My mother had to kiss me before she gave me milk.
So I have to kiss you first.
Yes.
Forget it, being angry at a fool isn't worth it.
Damn, isn't this really kissing me?
I'm just saying.